Update the release notes (#4)
coredns/release: kubernetes/README.md

       * The issue should be assigned to a Googler, who has permissions to push the image to the gcr.io repository. 
         Currently the person to assign the issue to is [Tim Hockin](https://github.com/thockin).

5. Once the gcr.io image has been pushed, open a PR in the [Kubernetes main repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) to update the CoreDNS image.
for both [kube-up](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/cluster/addons/dns/coredns) and [kubeadm](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/cmd/kubeadm/app/constants/constants.go#L335) install tools.

>     * Make sure to write proper release notes mentioning the new version, features, deprecation as applicable from the previous release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Make sure to write proper release notes mentioning the new version, features, deprecation as applicable since the previous Kubernetes release.
```

6. Validate the [5k node scale test](https://k8s-testgrid.appspot.com/sig-scalability-gce#gce-scale-performance) to see if the Load and Density scale tests are green. 
    * The 5k node scale test only runs once per day. Hence ensure that the validated test run includes the merged PR. 
    * If the tests are green, proceed to open a PR in the [Kops](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops) repository to update the CoreDNS image and manifest.

## Checklist (must be completed in order)

- [ ] Open a coredns/deployment PR to update the CoreDNS image
- [ ] coredns/deployment passes CI tests
- [ ] Open a temporary kubernetes/kubernetes PR to test the (coredns/coredns:version) image
- [ ] kubernetes/kubernetes passes e2e dns pre-submit conformance tests
- [ ] Close the temporary kubernetes/kubernetes PR
- [ ] Merge the coredns/deployment PR
- [ ] Open a kubernetes/kubernetes issue to push CoreDNS image to k8s.gcr.io
- [ ] Open a kubernetes/kubernetes PR to update the (k8s.gcr.io/coredns:version) image
- [ ] kubernetes/kubernetes image update PR merged
- [ ] Verify that gce-scale-performance test passes (runs once daily)

> - [ ] Open a kubernetes/kubernetes PR to update the manifests

Reviewer: why are we doing this as a separate step?

Author: We can do it in the same PR, but I think separating the PRs is a good idea so that the release notes for the version difference and adding updates to the manifest can be kept separate.

Reviewer: What is the benefit of separating the release notes?

Author: I'll revert it to how it was before.
